# Release Note 7.0.0 ML projects Service

This version contains set of manual activites tasks that must be completed in order to improve to upgrade the ML Projects service code to 7.0.0. Please consider the following list of tasks to be completed.

### Deploy ml-projects-services

To retrieve the latest release tag for version 7.0.0, please visit the following URL: https://github.com/project-sunbird/ml-projects-service/tags e.g. release-7.0.0_RC1

To proceed with the deployment process, follow the steps below:

    1. Log in to Jenkins.
    2. Navigate to Dashboard -> AutoBuild -> StagingManual -> managed-learn -> ml-projects-service. OR for dev Navigate to Dashboard -> Build -> managed-learn -> ml-projects-service
    3. Click on "Build with parameters" and provide the latest release tag in the field labeled "github_release_tag". Initiate the build process.
    4. The build job will take approximately 5 minutes to complete.
    5. After the job finishes, go to Dashboard -> Deploy -> staging -> managed-learn -> ml-projects-service. OR for dev go to Dashboard -> Deploy -> dev -> managed-learn -> ml-projects-service This job will be executed automatically in the dev environment. If not, then it should be built manually.
    6. Click on "Build with parameters" to initiate the deployment process.
    7. Once the job is completed, the services will be deployed on the staging environment

## Migrations

In order to execute this migration script, we need to first log in to the pod where the service is running and then proceed with the provided instructions.

### Update District Name

This script is designed to update project documents specifically for cases where there is a mismatch in district names. It will only affect the IDs specified in the script.

#### Step 1:

    Navigate to /opt/projects/updateDistrictNameInProjects/

#### Step 2:

Run the script to update projects.

    node updateDistrictName.js

### Update Project Documents

This script will update projects in cases where the user profile is missing and there is a mismatch between userProfile and userRoleInformations.

### Step 1:

    Navigate to /opt/projects/updateUserProfileAndMissMatchOfRoleInformation/

### Step 2:

Run the script to update projects.

    node updateProjectWithProfileData.js
